[Peter] Rose!
Find out who pulled her protection?
Hawkins called off
her Secret Service detail.
[Peter] Hawkins used to be
Emma and Henry Campbell's old FBI handler?
Somebody killed
the deputy director of the FBI?
[ominous music playing]
- I'm pulling Ramirez.
- I'll need to swap some shifts--
No. I'm sending a replacement. Erik Monks.
[Chelsea] How'd a guy who saved POTUS
get stuck on the VP's daughter's detail?
I guess this is their way
of easing an old man back in.
[Maddie] Let go!
- What the hell was that?
- I slipped.
I don't care
how many presidents you saved,
I don't do fuckups on this team.
- [Erik] Can I help you find something?
- [Chelsea] Pills.
I know you're an addict,
I know they forced you into rehab,
and I know that if you were anyone other
than the boss's old partner,
they'd never have put your ass
back on a detail.
It is also true that I am clean now.
I get tested twice a week to prove it.
What do you like most?
No one can find out about this.
I can ditch the agents.
I've done it before.
[cell phone chiming]
I heard my aunt say there's someone
in the White House who can't be trusted.
- When is this all gonna be over?
- Soon.
Mr. Vice President.
- Is she in there?
- Yes, sir.
[Redfield] Hey, sweetie.
Some woman sitting in that café
for five hours,
staring out the window
and talking to herself.
- She's Secret Service.
- How could you be so sure?
[Peter] 'Cause I know her.
Rose, this isn't
a terrorist attack anymore,
this is an assassination attempt.
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Ben] The United States Secret Service
is our nation's
premiere law enforcement agency.
We are the best protective agency
that there has ever been.
We have a zero-fail mission to uphold,
which means that we expect
nothing short of perfection.
No mistakes.
To make a mistake in the Secret Service
means to change
the entire course of history.
Fortunately, every man and woman
before me here today
has proven that they are
more than up to the task,
and that they are worthy of trust
and confidence.
[footsteps approaching]
[Ben] It is with great pride
that I welcome
the future
of the United States Secret Service.
Congratulations, agents.
Now please stand
as I administer your oath.
[crowd cheering]
[Ben] Great job.
[camera shutters clicking]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [piano music playing]
You could have at least
texted me you were coming.
And miss that look on your face?
I was only able
to get out of work last minute.
And your father tried too, but--
Go on, say what you're thinking.
I didn't think you were gonna show at all.
Not after how our last conversation ended.
I know you don't believe in all this.
Why would I want my daughter
risking her life
for a country
that doesn't give a damn about her?
I don't see it that way.
I know you don't.
But I don't have to believe in this
to believe in you.
And if there's anybody stubborn enough
to change this world for the better,
it's gonna be my daughter.
Just promise me
you won't wear this suit to Thanksgiving,
looking like
you're about to hand out warrants.
[both chuckling]
Mom.
What? You're gonna give
Aunt Deborah a heart attack.
[both chuckling]
Duly noted.
I'm really glad you came.
[woman] I'm so proud of you,
and so is your father.
They are lucky to have you.
I hope they realize that.
They will.
[opening theme music playing]
[Maddie] It's an opportunity to study
the masters where they did their art.
[Redfield] Under no circumstances
are you gallivanting to Italy
instead of focusing on your education.
[Maddie] But missing class
to go to political rallies
so I can be a cardboard cutout,
that's okay?
It's one semester.
The whole point of it is education.
It's a semester of just art,
not real education.
It's elitist, entitled.
Maddie, it's a bad look.
You need to think about
how your decisions reflect on your family.
You mean you?
You'll get a schedule next week.
Maddie will be traveling with me
back to Wisconsin
to stump for Turner's campaign.
Yes, sir.
- [man] Hey, there he is!
- [crowd clamoring]
[man 2] Can I get a picture?
Hey. Hi. It's all right.
Let him go. Let him pass.
Maddie, come here.
[man] VP Redfield, huge fan, sir.
Who's up first?
[camera shutter clicking]
Thank you.
[woman] I can't believe he's here!
[door closing]
[Chelsea] Anything I can do?
No.
Maybe we can come up with an excuse.
Exams or something.
Say you can't miss the days.
No, I'll go.
Like always.
I don't know how you do it.
Which part?
The... the smiles, the hugs.
It's always hard for the first second.
Then it warms me up.
I... like, fall into it.
Like you're performing?
No, it becomes real to me.
This sounds crazy, but...
I like the lie.
[somber music playing]
It's who I wish he was all the time.
[man] Arrington, there's an FBI agent
from the White House to speak with you.
What about?
[man] Says he can only speak with you.
Okay, stand by.
Sorry, I should check this out.
It's fine.
I have to get ready for class anyway.
I'll catch up in 20. Jeff's in the hall.
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Peter] Agent Arrington.
Uh, thanks for taking
the time to talk with us.
Of course. Peter, right?
Yeah. Uh, we played basketball
with POTUS a few months back.
You're the one who set a hard pick on her.
Yeah, I thought that you were gonna
cuff me right there. [chuckling]
Look, is there someplace we can, uh, talk?
Uh, gotta be back in ten minutes,
but we can take a walk.
[Peter] Great.
I'm working an investigation right now,
and I was hoping to get
some more info about your detail
on April 27th from last year.
- Date doesn't ring a bell.
- It was the day of the metro bombing.
Can you say who you were protecting?
[Chelsea] To an FBI agent? No.
Not without an official request.
Was it Maddie Redfield?
- And who are you again?
- [Rose] I'm Rose.
Not FBI or a basketball player.
We're on special assignment
from Diane Farr.
If you need to call to verify, you can.
We have reason to believe
that if it was Maddie
you were protecting that day,
she could be in danger.
Okay, what kind of danger?
We don't have specifics right now.
[Rose] We think someone
might've tried to kill her that night.
If you could tell us if she was there,
we could help you.
I can't disclose information
about Secret Service operations
to another agency, let alone a civilian.
But you already know that.
So does the chief of staff.
I know that it's strange, okay? But--
Do you also get
that I have to report this conversation?
Yeah.
Let me run it up the chain.
If I get clearance
to share anything, I will.
Thank you.
Let me, uh, give you my number.
In the meantime, I can assure you
Maddie's safe under our protection.
That's what they said
right before some assassins
chased me out of my hotel room
in nothing but a bathrobe.
Never mind.
- Could you point us toward the library?
- [Chelsea] Sure.
Just take a left there,
you'll pass a few dorms,
and it'll be right in front of you.
Thank you.
- Have a good day.
- [Rose] Thanks.
- The library?
- Yeah, I think better in libraries.
I started going to libraries
when it sucked at home,
and after a while it was
more about escaping to a place
than escaping from a place.
I thought I could read my way to Stanford.
- Shit, you went to Stanford?
- No.
Those bastards rejected me.
I went to a community college,
then transferred to Berkeley.
When I started my company, I hired a bunch
of Stanford grads to grab me coffee.
Miss being in charge?
Who says I'm not in charge now?
If Agent Arrington
can confirm who the target was,
I think we're one step closer
to figuring all this out.
Then let's assume
that it was Maddie Redfield.
Yeah.
Someone in the White House
was willing to take out
an entire neighborhood just to get to her.
Nothing on that drive
tells us why, or who's responsible.
So either way, we've gotta
start looking at this from another angle.
Maybe now that we've seen
the killer's face,
we can figure out a way to ID him.
How?
That picture I pulled? The killer's ring?
The FBI determined it was Yugoslavian,
but that's where the trail ended, so...
Maybe we missed something.
We can go back, do some research,
find a connection?
If only there was,
like, a place full of books
that was just perfect for doing research.
Oh, wait, what's this?
[dramatic music playing]
He mentioned Diane Farr by name?
Yes, sir. Some special assignment.
[sighing] All right.
Just tell him Maddie's not involved.
Get her name out of it,
but not a word more.
[Chelsea] Yes, sir.
- Tell me what you want.
- [Ben] We need to talk.
[Diane] I have to call you back.
[sighing] What's wrong, Ben?
You appear vexed.
Why is your answering machine
running around questioning my agents?
What are you talking about?
Sutherland interrogated my agent,
asking where
Maddie Redfield was last year.
- Why?
- [Ben] You tell me.
Says he's on a special assignment for you.
I've got no clue why he's at Georgetown.
- That's not what it sounds like.
- What does it sound like?
Like you're running
an off-the-books investigation,
and quite honestly,
that makes me really uncomfortable.
Well, come over here
and let me rub circles on your back.
After that, you can fuck off.
This is POTUS's purview, not yours.
If you have a lead,
you need to share it with the rest of us.
[Diane] The rest of who, Ben?
Last time I checked,
Secret Service was compromised,
the deputy director of the FBI was dead.
It was your guys
who deserted Rose Larkin at her hotel.
And it's a little convenient
that you've just started to pay attention.
Fuck you, convenient.
I asked Peter to find out anything
about this ongoing clusterfuck.
And unless there's something
you don't want him to discover,
I don't see how it's your business.
Sutherland just made it my business
when he suggested
someone might be out to hurt Maddie,
without providing any justification
beyond your name.
POTUS and VP are en route,
and trust me, they're gonna wanna know
where Sutherland got this idea from.
So if I were you,
I'd come up with an explanation...
quickly.
[tense music playing]
[phone keypad beeping]
[operator] We're sorry, the number
you've dialed is no longer in service.
[Peter] Closest thing they found
to match the ring is the coat of arms
from the kingdom of Yugoslavia,
which hasn't existed since World War II.
A ring which, for all we know,
he could've gotten at a pawn shop.
Yeah, but look closer.
[Rose] It's not an exact match.
[Peter] Yeah, came back inconclusive.
Something else that's been bothering me.
When everyone thought the bomber was PIF,
it became a military op.
FBI stopped looking into suspects,
case closed, it's over.
- And whose call was that?
- Hawkins.
[Rose] Is there a way that we can retrace
his steps back to the White House?
Get on his computer or something?
I don't think
I could get that close to it.
[Rose sighing]
But he has a widow.
We could try talking to her.
Okay. You go do that.
- I'll see what I can dig up on this ring.
- No, no, no.
We stay together, okay?
Peter, this is a library.
The worst thing that happens here
are late fees.
There's people, cameras...
I'll be fine for, like, a couple of hours.
Rose, please, can you do this stuff later?
Come with me first, and then--
This isn't about protection.
This is about time management.
Time that we're running out of.
Shit. All right, fine.
Giving you the number to my new burner.
I still have yours, so...
Call me.
And not just for emergencies, okay?
- To, uh--
- To chitchat?
No. You know what I mean.
To... to gossip? To giggle?
No. So I know you're okay.
Just check in with me.
And call me
if someone tries shooting at you.
I've... I've got some tips.
- [Peter] Really?
- Yeah.
Did you pick those up at, uh, Stanford?
Oh, fuck Stanford. They didn't deserve me.
Ooh.
[cell phone vibrating]
[Peter] Hello?
- [Chelsea] Agent Sutherland?
- Yeah, speaking.
I've been cleared to tell you
I wasn't with Maddie that day
and that what you're looking into
has nothing to do with her.
There anything you can tell me
about who you were protecting?
[Chelsea] That's all
I've been cleared to share.
Anything else needs
to go through official channels.
But if you have something else to report
about a threat against my protectee,
now would be the time.
No, if it wasn't her you were with
at the coffee shop, then you're right.
She's got nothing to do with this.
What do you mean "coffee shop"?
You tell me.
I'm hanging up now.
[Peter] Does the name Osprey
mean anything to you?
[tense music playing]
Goodbye.
Great work, everybody.
Uh, enjoy the rest of your day,
and we'll, uh, see you tomorrow.
[girl] Thank you, Professor.
See you tomorrow.
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
How much longer are you on shift?
About four hours. Why?
I need an outfit
for Harper's art show tonight.
Was thinking maybe you could help me
pick something out.
So I take it that means
no American political development class?
After Dad's morning drop-in,
I've had enough American
political development for one day.
I think a little retail therapy
is on the menu instead.
Okay, I'll let the team know.
I have five minutes,
then I'm due in a budget meeting.
What's going on?
Thank you for taking the time,
Madam President.
Uh, earlier today,
FBI agent Peter Sutherland
arrived on the campus
of Georgetown University
accompanied by a civilian, a Rose Larkin.
- Her name may sound familiar--
- I know who Ms. Larkin is.
[man] Wait a minute, Sutherland?
What's he doing in the field
with the key witness
to an FBI investigation?
He claims he's under assignment
from Diane Farr,
investigating a threat
on Maddie Redfield's life.
Care to fucking explain, Diane?
After what happened at the hotel,
and Hawkins's murder,
I put Rose Larkin under the supervision
of the one person I knew I could trust.
[Redfield] It doesn't explain
why he's in Georgetown
sniffing around my daughter.
I don't know why he's there.
He's not picking up my calls.
And here I thought answering the phone
was his only job.
Are you saying he's AWOL?
With the witness?
No. We're limiting communication
out of concern for safety.
I couldn't risk anyone tracking them.
[Ben] This is a mess.
Would you like Secret Service to apprehend
Agent Sutherland at Georgetown?
- [Diane] That's a little extreme.
- Is Maddie safe?
[Ben] Yes, she is.
And from what we could tell so far,
Maddie has absolutely nothing
to do with whatever investigation
Sutherland is conducting
on Diane Farr's behalf.
But I'd prefer to ask him that myself.
As would I.
[Diane] Peter's loyal. He'll report in.
I'll have an answer by end of day.
- Madam President, I don't think--
- Give us the room.
Now.
[tense music playing]
[Michelle] All right.
What's really going on?
- He's onto something.
- And you know this how?
He and Ms. Larkin are picking up
where the Campbell's left off.
They're trying to finish
the Night Action investigation.
And that led them to Maddie Redfield?
- [Diane] Mm-hmm.
- How?
I don't know.
Not good enough.
- Their lives are in danger.
- [Diane sighing]
Get them back here before it's too late.
Understood.
[knocking on door]
[Peter] Mrs. Hawkins.
My name is Peter Sutherland.
I... I worked with your husband.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
That's the obligatory thing to say,
isn't it?
I... I was just hoping
I could ask you a few questions
about something
your husband and I were, uh,
we were looking into it
before he... he died.
[birds chirping]
Thank you.
You were in the FBI too?
[woman] That's where we met.
Is that what you came here to ask?
No. Deputy Director Hawkins and I
were part of a group
that was investigating the metro bombing--
Look, I already told those other guys,
I don't know anything.
Jamie wasn't allowed
to talk about his work with me.
I left the FBI 20 years ago.
I tried doing it with kids,
and it just didn't feel right.
I understand. Maybe you heard something,
didn't really seem important.
Or maybe he left something here
that I could look at.
What do you think happens
when a deputy FBI director's murdered,
and nobody knows why?
Let me show you something.
For two days, the bureau grilled me.
Cleared out our house.
They already went through
all of his files,
his desk, his books,
his computer,
and mine.
Go ahead.
Thirty years of service,
they treat him like a criminal.
Yeah. I know how you feel.
You couldn't possibly.
[desk drawer closing]
I actually do.
The FBI raided my house when I was 16
because they suspected
my, um, my father of something.
So I get how easy it is
to feel like all this
will just go away in a few days.
What about in a few weeks,
or a few months,
when everybody
is telling you he's guilty, still?
I'm not interested in other people's
opinions of my husband.
I know him.
Yeah, just like I knew my father.
Right? And then a few years go by.
Five years,
six,
seven.
And no more answers.
Just more questions.
Like why is everybody so certain
that he's guilty, when I know him?
Yeah.
[zipping bag]
It, uh, gets to the point that...
enough time has passed,
and you, uh...
you start asking yourself...
you know, you start thinking...
"What if they are right?"
You know?
Suddenly, it's not so easy anymore,
defending the... the memory
of someone who's gone.
Because the truth is...
you're just--
Year after year, you're asking yourself,
"What the fuck happened, man?"
Look, I don't wanna see that happen
to someone else.
Sutherland.
- I thought when I heard your name--
- Yeah.
I'm sorry you had to grow up with that.
Look...
your husband might be guilty.
He may have gotten murdered
by one of his own accomplices.
Or maybe he got so close to the truth
that that's what got him killed.
[dramatic music playing]
But I just know
if those questions aren't answered...
it gets so much worse.
[indistinct chatter]
[lights powering on]
Of course it's a dungeon.
[lights powering down]
[Rose gasping]
[ominous music playing]
[door opening]
[door creaking, closing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
- [music fading]
- [girl giggling]
[Rose sighing]
[books shuffling]
If you worked with Jamie
in the White House,
then you should know more about
what he was involved with than me.
Thank you.
Who was my husband to you?
Um...
Look, I'm sorry. I lied earlier.
I did work with your husband.
I just don't think he liked me very much.
Probably had something to do with him
thinking my father was a traitor
that got what he deserved.
It doesn't means he doesn't deserve
the chance to be proven innocent, okay?
And what's in this for you?
[Peter] The person I'm protecting
is in danger.
Whatever your husband was looking into,
it has something to do with it.
All I want is to keep her safe though.
[sighing]
I lied earlier as well.
[tense music playing]
[keyboard clacking]
Jamie did talk to me about his cases.
He ran ideas past me all the time,
valued my opinion.
And he was working
on the metro bombing case for a while.
There was some inconsistency
he picked up on.
What kind?
He thought someone interfered
with the FBI's investigation.
The pieces they were left with
didn't add up.
You're talking about Omar Zadar
and the People's Independence Front?
He said that was all bullshit.
That confession came
practically out of thin air.
The bureau already had a list of suspects,
none connected to Zadar.
So Jamie went back
through some case files,
and I think he found something
that pointed straight
to a government contractor
called Turn Lake Industries.
- Have you heard of them?
- No.
The day that Jamie went missing,
he had a secret meeting with them.
I don't know with who.
It seemed like it was the CEO.
He was just acting kind of nervous.
It's like something got to him.
Did he say anything else?
No.
He just left for work...
and he never came home.
[keyboard clacking]
Holy shit.
You didn't mention this
to any other agents
during the interview process?
No, Jamie didn't know who he could trust.
And it'd have just made him look worse,
that he was sharing things with me.
But that's how we were. We...
we shared everything.
Jamie knew the Campbells.
When he was in counterintelligence,
he was their handler.
Their deaths were personal to him.
He cried that night.
What all of that had to do with Turn Lake
or the metro case, I have no idea...
but I think Jamie was close to knowing.
Thank you.
Okay? For everything.
Just...
make it worth something.
[car horns honking]
[door opening]
What?
She's coming here tonight.
She's really fallen for you, hasn't she?
You really think
she can lose her protection?
She said she's done it before.
[man] Good.
[man 2 sighing heavily]
[man 2 inhaling deeply]
What's wrong?
It feels wrong
to manipulate her like this.
She's a good soul.
[man] If she helps us,
we could change the world.
Those are your words.
You'll convince her,
just like you convinced me.
Hey.
It's for the greater good.
And once she realizes that,
she'll understand
why we had to be discreet,
do it this way.
Smile.
All the months of hard work
are about to pay off.
[ominous music playing]
[door creaking]
Sorry, it needs to be
where I can see you fill it.
The lab's pretty adamant about that.
[Erik chuckling]
Right, my bad.
Would you mind taking a step back?
[man] Right.
Of course.
[urinating in cup]
[pants zipping]
[urinal flushing]
[faucet running]
Always dreamed
of working in the White House.
Thank you for your service.
[door opening]
[knocking on door]
You wanted to see me, boss?
Arrington's report from the bar.
Anything you wanna add to it?
She could have at least left something
to the imagination.
Anything look inaccurate?
No.
No, it's tough but fair.
[Ben smacking lips]
Come on, Erik.
I'm not the only guy who gets that report.
This is where
I'm supposed to chew you out,
and then you say
it's never gonna happen again.
- Can we skip the first part?
- If you're worried about my work--
Fuck off, your work.
I'm worried about you.
I'm good. Just...
[Erik sighing]
...acclimating.
Good.
What's your take on Arrington?
She's young.
- Which makes us?
- She's young, but she's sharp.
She's just got a different way
of doing things.
- Different how?
- [Erik] Like the two of them are friends.
It's not the way I would go about the job,
but maybe it's a generational thing?
You think it's a problem?
No.
Not yet.
[knocking on door]
- [Chelsea] Maddie?
- Come in.
- Is that a shower curtain?
- Return pile?
- [Chelsea grunting]
- I still can't decide what to wear.
[Chelsea] Uh...
Okay, what about this one?
[Maddie] I just wasn't sure
if I could pull it off.
Hold on.
Might there, by chance,
be a guy at this art show
who we're trying to impress?
No idea what you're talking about.
Right.
So, what's his name?
His name is...
Shut up.
[Chelsea chuckling]
All right, fine. Don't tell me.
I'll find out whatever I need to
in his background check anyway.
[sighing] Uh, okay.
- Thoughts?
- [Chelsea] Yeah. It's definitely the one.
Chelsea Arrington,
licensed retail therapist.
[Chelsea chuckling]
I don't have anything
for this neckline though.
I know how to fix that.
It's beautiful.
My grandmother gave it to my mom
when she was a kid.
After she and my dad got married,
they hit a rough patch.
She had to pawn it
to keep a roof over their heads,
so my dad spent the next two years
working double shifts
just so he could save enough
to buy it back for their anniversary.
My mom gave it to me when I was seven,
as a reminder to never give up hope,
'cause things will get better.
[Maddie smacking lips]
There is no way
that I'm borrowing this now.
It's just one night. It's fine.
I don't deserve a friend like you.
You know what else my mom told me?
We deserve whatever we say we deserve.
[contemplative music playing]
[tense music playing]
[Rose whispering] Peter.
- Hey.
- You okay?
[Rose] Yeah.
For a little bit, I... I thought
someone was following me, but--
- Who?
- [Rose] It's fine.
It was just some students making out.
But still, I'm glad you're back.
Um, did you find anything?
Yeah. It turns out Hawkins
knew your aunt and uncle from the FBI.
The way his wife was talking about it
made it sound like they were really close.
I think he got killed
trying to solve their murders.
- So it wasn't him.
- [Peter] I don't think so.
The day he was killed,
he was meeting somebody high up
at a company called, uh,
Turn Lake Industries.
[dramatic music playing]
Well, check this out.
That's him.
No name or anything, but he's a suspect
in a missing person's case.
The missing dude's name is Andrej Pavelić.
He was part of some defunct royal family.
And look at the family crest.
- That's the same as the ring.
- Yeah.
Before Pavelić's disappearance,
he was railing in the press
about an American defense contractor
conducting shadow ops
throughout the Balkans.
And guess who the contractor was?
Turn Lake Industries.
[Rose] Yeah.
So this company was involved
in the murder of my aunt and uncle.
Maybe. See what else
you can find out about Turn Lake.
I gotta check in with Farr.
[Rose exhaling]
[cell phone vibrating]
- This is Farr.
- [Peter] It's Peter.
We found something on one of the killers.
I don't know what the fuck you're doing
harassing Secret Service at Georgetown,
but people are melting down over here.
We thought someone
was trying to hurt the VP's daughter.
It was a dead end anyway.
Still think Secret Service
might have the missing piece to all this.
Also, we just found something else.
You ever heard of Turn Lake Industries?
- The security contractor?
- That's them. You know them?
They have contracts with the Pentagon
and all over the world. Why?
[Peter] The assassins
who killed the Campbells
might be working for Turn Lake.
You have evidence of this?
Enough to start an investigation, yeah.
[Diane] Gather everything you've got.
We need to brief POTUS.
You and Rose need to get your asses
back to the White House right now.
Yes, ma'am.
Rose, we gotta go.
Wait, wait, wait.
I... I think I found something.
What? What is all this?
[Rose] It's the FEC's public database
of campaign donations.
We're trying to look for someone bad
in the White House, right?
Yeah.
If you wanna know who bad people
are in bed with, you follow the money.
And it looks like
a lot of Turn Lake's money went to...
Vice President Redfield.
This is all real?
Welcome to the party.
[tense music playing]
Okay, um, you said Hawkins met up
with someone high up, right?
Yeah.
Okay, the CEO's name is Gordon Wick.
[keyboard clacking]
[Peter] I've never heard of him.
Maybe the vice president has.
[keyboard clacking]
Holy shit.
Yeah, I'd say they know each other.
This goes way back.
Social events, conferences, think tanks.
I think we found our guy.
Print all this out.
We'll take it all to Travers.
Wait, wait, wait.
The president wants to see us?
Welcome to the party.
You should get some rest while we can.
When you promised no more motels,
I didn't think you meant
we'd be living in a parking lot.
I miss our baths.
I know, me too.
But we shouldn't be here much longer.
So rest.
At least the motel had a TV.
All the more reason for you to rest, no?
Fine.
[woman breathing deeply]
We should've kept that baby.
In Wisconsin.
[man] The baby was a prop.
I know.
But...
what if we kept her?
- You want the baby now?
- [woman] Not that baby.
Maybe we could find another baby to take.
- Why?
- Because then we'd have a baby.
Are you paying attention?
No, I'm try... I'm trying to rest.
Resting.
When we met,
you said this job was easier
with a woman by your side.
No one worries about the couple
who follows them.
That's right. With a baby,
that lady just let us into her house.
Think about how easy it'd be
if we were a real family.
We can't take care of a baby.
Apart from it just being annoying,
it wouldn't survive our life,
not to mention our employers.
Okay.
They'd never give us another assignment
if they knew we had a baby.
And what would you wanna do--
Okay!
It wasn't a suggestion
for right now anyway.
Maybe down the road,
in the future, don't rule it out.
Um, I'm ruling it out.
It's... it's ruled out.
[fingers tapping]
- Monks, can I talk to you?
- [Erik] Yeah.
- Everything okay?
- I'm gonna stay on shift for the art show.
You can take the night off.
All right.
- Is that a problem for you?
- [Erik] No.
No, I'm just, um,
I'm just wondering how long
you're gonna hold this grudge,
instead of giving me a second chance.
- A grudge?
- Yes, ma'am.
This isn't about you.
It's about the protectee.
I wanna be there for her,
which means I gotta bump someone,
and you're the new guy.
Who also happens to be
the only member of my detail
who's ever shit the bed
in a high-stakes situation.
You really think that bar was high stakes?
- You think this assignment's a joke--
- I never once said that.
Yeah, well, everyone else does.
You know why you've never seen
someone like me leading a detail?
It doesn't fucking happen.
This might be an extension
of rehab for you.
- Extension--
- For me, it's a guillotine.
Everything here reflects on me,
and I cannot fuck this up.
One mistake, and it's my career.
You of all people should know that.
Yes, I of all people do know that.
I'm sorry.
Listen, I know that I came off
a little old-school at first,
but I get it.
I get it. You're in charge.
I respect that.
I wanna see you succeed.
Yeah?
Then learn to take an order.
I mean, this isn't even about
what happened at the bar.
Maddie had a rough morning.
I'm gonna stay with her
in case she needs me.
And I know you don't agree
with that approach, but it's my call.
And by the way,
if I wasn't willing
to give you a second chance,
you wouldn't still be here.
[dramatic music playing]
How much do retail therapists make?
I should ask for a raise.
You're supposed to be off tonight.
I figured you'd be more relaxed
with me there instead of the new guy.
Chelsea, no.
You're always taking care of me.
I always ask for too much.
You deserve a night off to yourself.
[Chelsea] I like art.
Besides, never know when you'll need
more tips on federal-agent couture.
[both chuckling]
Got your panic button?
Yes, Mom.
[tense music playing]
[jazzy music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
- Oh, there she is.
- [Chelsea] Okay.
Harper.
- Hi!
- [Maddie] Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Yeah. I'm just gonna be right back.
[Harper] Okay.
- I'm just gonna use the restroom.
- [Chelsea] Okay.
Bathroom break.
Copy that.
[door opening]
All clear.
[tense music playing]
[Maddie exhaling slowly]
Hey. It's them.
[suspenseful music playing]
Finally.
Okay, let's go.
[car engine starting]
Maddie, everything okay?
Maddie?
No, you fucking didn't.
[Erik] I swear to God,
Almora couldn't string together a sentence
that night to save his life.
If you stabbed him,
he would have bled Jose Cuervo.
[all chuckling]
The boss man couldn't hold his liquor?
[Erik] Oh, he held it.
Couldn't do much else with it.
But he held it. It didn't matter though.
Gentlemen,
the moral of the story that night
is don't pick bar fights
with the Secret Service.
Arrington would never let
that kind of shit fly around here.
That's right.
Trust me. It's for the best.
[cell phones beeping]
Badger's missing. All hands.
[knocking on door]
Could I use your phone? I seem to be lost.
You look incredible.
You sure you weren't followed?
I'm positive.
Positive that I could spend days here.
- [man chuckling]
- [door closing]
How long do we have?
- A couple hours.
- Okay.
Any longer, and it becomes
a national fucking crisis.
Well, dinner should be ready soon.
Yeah?
What if I... want dessert first?
I think we should talk first.
Hmm. I think we should talk later.
She left the gallery through a window
that leads out to a side street.
It's possible she got into a vehicle.
Eli, David, set up a perimeter
with our guys and PD as they arrive.
Six blocks, then expand.
Ensure you're on comms
in case she hits her panic button.
On it.
Jeff, pull security footage
from cameras on that block.
Check in every ten minutes.
[suspenseful music playing]
[breath shuddering]
Tell me what you need from me.
I'm missing something.
This was planned.
All that business about a dress,
it's like she was going on a date.
- Is that unusual?
- No, she's gone on dates before.
It's never been a big deal.
Half the time she can't wait to tell me
about her crush.
[Erik] Anything different?
Look like she was trying
to meet someone there?
No, that's the part I'm missing.
Why hide it?
You ever notice anything strange
with her art professor?
What do you mean?
Yesterday, I noticed something
a little charged between them.
I figured it was nothing, but...
People hide things
they think others won't approve of.
Shit.
Call it in and get his address.
I'll drive.
[both breathing heavily]
[man sighing]
[Maddie] It's okay.
I want this.
Look, there's something
I wanna talk to you about.
Oh my God!
What are you doing?
I told you I'd call when we were done.
What... what the fuck? You know him?
I can explain.
Please, you don't have to force her.
She'll say what we need her to say.
- I need something else.
- [man] Wait, why?
- [man grunting, gurgling]
- [Maddie screaming]
Don't cry for him.
He was using you
for his "save the environment" bullshit.
What I need from you
is much more important.
- [gurgling]
- [Maddie] No!
- [Maddie screaming]
- [intense music playing]
No!
[Maddie screaming, straining]
[Maddie continues screaming]
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
Wait here. I'll check around back.
[sinister music playing]
[Erik] Breach, breach!
Maddie?
[Erik] Clear.
[music swelling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]